Are you afraid of sharks, snakes or spiders? Most of us are. But there is another creature that is far more dangerous than all of those combined, and most of us don't even know it...

Did you know mosquitoes have killed many more humans than all wars in history?

Mosquitos are by a mile the most dangerous creatures on earth to us humans.

We're not kidding, take a look at this graph from Bill Gates' blog:

If you're like us, then you've probably noticed more mosquitos in Sweden recently?

That's because their swarms are on the rise. Warm seasons are lasting longer, which means they have more time to breed, multiply and feast... on you!

DID YOU KNOW? Mosquitos actually need blood in order to make eggs. Without our blood, they cannot reproduce. Err disgusting...

Not only are the viruses and diseases they can give you extremely dangerous, but even non-lethal bites frequently result in painful swelling and infection.

Plus they are super annoying, aren't they? Just 1 buzzing around your bed can keep you awake all night. Scratching your bites for days afterwards sucks also.


We hate them!

Until now we've used sprays, candles and creams to keep them away. But none of these 'anti-mosquito' solutions actually protect for more than 19mins!

Solutions containing ' DEET' - a  hazardous, damaging chemical which can be both harmful to us and the environment - works best, but still only for 45mins maximum...

Now there is a new genius way to end mosquitos pestering you ever again - without using any chemicals at all...

What are we talking about?

Designed by two German engineers who were fed up with being bitten whilst camping. They found that the traditional anti-pest devices were all either using harmful chemicals or didn't work!

So, they designed this genius device;

It's called  Mosquitron  a brand new type of bug catcher/killer. It's perfect for clearing your home of all annoying and dangerous flying pests!

It’s stylish, easy to control and it can clear your home of dirty flies and dangerous mosquitos!

People are using them to live 'mosquito free' - the results are incredible...

How does it work?

The design is both innovative and very effective.

Instead of trying to keep the mosquitos away, it actually attracts them, then catches and kills them!

It lures the flies and mosquitos near using a safe, completely harmless UV phototaxis thermotaxis inducing light - translation: The flying pests can't resist it!

Next to the UV-PT light is a powerful, yet efficient reverse fan that sucks the insects through a 1-way trapdoor.

Once trapped in the drying basket they are dried to death by the fan a matter of 2mins. (They die without moisture )
You can simply empty the dead bugs into the trash, without even touching them.

No mosquitos = No bites for you!

We were surprised by how easy it is to set up;

Plug in - and away you go!

No need for batteries or any chemicals. Almost silent when operating.

See Mosquitron in action:



How Much Does It Cost?

That’s what we all want to know, right?

It's now discounted down to $89 (from $179.99), which might seem steep at first. But when you consider most devices need regular, expensive refills and don't work for more than 10mins, this is a pretty good deal. In fact, competitor products using the same UV technology are priced over $250!

Plus it actually works!

When you look at the rise in mosquito viruses and diseases and the death toll, then $89 seems like a good deal for peace of mind that you are protected...

We think the price is a fair one to keep yourself bite free and healthy.

How To Buy a Mosquitron?

That’s super easy. You can buy it from  the official website.

Mosquitron Trap Benefits and Technology...
